oh man
it's been weeks so I made a huge push
before I left for a vacation to work on
the garage and I did and that was good
but it's been raining wow it's cold it's
been raining non-stop for like two weeks
so it's just as well that I went on
vacation because I was writing the whole
time anyway so this is the first time
I've worked on the garage in like two
weeks that's not okay anyway um sorry
going out to work on the garage and
before I left I set it up so that when I
got back what I would have to do is the
beans I'm getting my gloves um and so I
have to do the beans I have no idea
what's in store for me cuz it's been so
long of course I said I come out here in
the morning and I stand in the garage
and I'm like okay what's next
here's what it looks like there's
something running around in the woods
over there stop it anyway so I've got to
do the beams up there and they're gonna
be sandwich beams but I don't think I
can make the sandwich and then put the
beam up because it's gonna be heavy it's
gonna be two two by twelve by 20s and
some plywood and a bunch of stuff so I'm
gonna put the beam up oh this is awesome
look everything's dry so I stood these
up yesterday I stood those up a couple
days before and I've been standing on my
lumber up like this I keep see down
there I stood all those up on end and I
don't know I haven't thought about this
before but that's the only way water can
actually drain out right now all of
these I guarantee you
see look at that they're all wet the
whole way down the whole pile is wet not
cool so I've been standing my lumber up
so that it's dry when I go to work with
that so I'm just like to see that it's
dry up here yesterday I rake all the
leaves out so that there wouldn't be
clumps of wet and it's been sunny all
day and so now my plywood is dry that's
so nice and I've got four days of Sun
hopefully and so I'm gonna see how far I
can get first step is the beams that go
in there and go up on my notches and
then go across those are gonna hold all
the roof rafters they're also gonna
double to hold this floor up above me
here so there'll be a floor at that
height in the little cupola area so I'm
gonna build my beams and then I don't
think I'm gonna build the end wall and
actually no I'm gonna build the beams
build the floor build my end walls and
then the end walls are gonna support the
supports for the upper beams and then
I'm gonna put in the upper beams and
that's when I can complete my sandwich
with plywood because the plywood is
going to extend from this lower beam up
to the upper beam and provide lateral
strength the entire length of the garage
so that's when I can put my plywood in
I've got to figure out at this point how
the hell I'm gonna build these bottom
beams temporarily and with a gap and get
that to work so I may put small like
filler pieces of plywood in where the
sandwich will go and then take them out
later so anyway that's all you gotta
figure out so I can't do it by talking
go by
you